Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/user_manual/shop_administration/manage_products_and_categories_with_the_ez_dataprovider.md

## Flexible categories

A category contains a standard set of fields. A category is a Content Type and can be extended with additional fields.

![](img/flexible_categories.png)

## Previewing products

While editing a product the preview displays how the product looks on desktops or mobile devices, including product variants.

![](img/product_text.png)

## Product variants

eZ Commerce offers one or two level variants. A variant can be added directly in the product view.

There are three preconfigured variant types: Color, Size, and Color and Size.

The list of variant types can be extended in the configuration.

![](img/product_variants.png)

## Product assets

eZ Commerce supports assets per product (not per variant).
By default a product can have one main image and up to three additional images,
one PDF, and one link to a video (e.g. YouTube).

![](img/product_assets.png)

## Product stock
	
The stock can be managed by SKU and SKU/variant. This can be done manually or per upload.

> In addition, you can add a text about stock availability (e.g. informing that a product is not on stock but will be back on a given date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can add a text about stock availability (e.g. informing that a product is out of stock but will be back on a given date).
```

After an order is placed, the stock is reduced by the number of products bought by the customer.

You can manage stock in two places:

> 1\. In the product on the **eCommerce** tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1\. In the product in the **eCommerce** tab:
```
